README.md, before:

# Lottie Animation Component

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40fivethree%2Flottie.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/@fivethree/lottie)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/fivethree-team/lottie/blob/master/LICENSE)

Lottie Animation Component for Angular 7 or higher.

## 📦 Installation

```console
npm install @fivethree/lottie lottie-web --save

# or if you are using yarn
yarn add @fivethree/lottie lottie-web
```

## 🔨 Usage
Import the module into your root application module:

```typescript
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { LottieModule } from '@fivethree/lottie';

@NgModule({
    imports: [
        LottieModule
    ]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

## 🦁 Animation

Add the lottie component to your template:

```html
<fiv-lottie [params]="lottieParams" [width]="250" [height]="250" (animationCreated)=onAnimationCreated($event)></fiv-lottie>
```

You need to setup the `lottieParams` in your component:

```typescript
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import { LottieAnimation, LottieParams } from '@fivethree/lottie';

Component({
  selector: 'app-home',
  templateUrl: 'home.page.html',
  styleUrls: ['home.page.scss'],
})
export class HomePage {

  lottieParams: LottieParams = {
    path: 'assets/lottie/empty_box.json',
    renderer: 'canvas',
    loop: true
  };

  onAnimationCreated(animation: LottieAnimation) {
    animation.play();
    animation.setSpeed(0.8);
  }
}
```

Save your lottie files in the assets folder and change the `path` param, this way they are copied when building your application.

Commit message:

feat(lib) improved lottie wrapper component. feat(lottie) added contrib and todo files. feat(readme) updated. :sparkle:

README.md, after:

# Lottie Animation Component

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40fivethree%2Flottie.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/@fivethree/lottie)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://github.com/fivethree-team/lottie/blob/master/LICENSE)

Lottie Animation Wrapper Component for Angular 7 or higher.

(Originally forked from: fivethree-team/lottie)

## 📦 Installation

```console
TBD as ng add soon
```

## 🔨 Usage
Import the module into your root application module:

```typescript
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { LottieModule } from '@fivethree/lottie';

@NgModule({
    imports: [
        LottieModule
    ]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

## 🦁 Animation

Add the lottie component to your template:

```html
<fiv-lottie [params]="lottieParams" [width]="250" [height]="250" (animationCreated)=onAnimationCreated($event)></fiv-lottie>
```

You need to setup the `lottieParams` in your component:

```typescript
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import { LottieAnimation, LottieParams } from '@fivethree/lottie';

Component({
  selector: 'app-home',
  templateUrl: 'home.page.html',
  styleUrls: ['home.page.scss'],
})
export class HomePage {

  lottieParams: LottieParams = {
    path: 'assets/lottie/empty_box.json',
    renderer: 'canvas',
    loop: true
  };

  onAnimationCreated(animation: LottieAnimation) {
    animation.play();
    animation.setSpeed(0.8);
  }
}
```

Save your lottie files in the assets folder and change the `path` param, this way they are copied when building your application.
